I think a lot of people are afraid to
jump all the way a lot of us say we
believe but we don't really show it
because if we showed it we would be okay
taking a chance in a relationship taking
a chance switching jobs taking a chance
going against our parents wishes a lot
of people stay in those bubbles I think
it's really fear and lack of jumping in
life all the way everybody welcome to
impact theory our goal with this show
and company is the help introduce you to
the people and ideas that will help you
actually execute on your dreams all
right today's guest is the go-to
choreographer for some of the biggest
names and show business but that was not
always the case a former NFL hopeful he
dreamed of finding glory on the gridiron
but a series of injuries forced him to
pursue an alternative path as a dancer
against everyone's advice he moved to LA
desperately low on cash but even more
desperate to prove himself he poured
himself into his craft spending every
second pushing himself to get better and
it paid off he gained national attention
after he and his dance crew made an
impressive appearance on America's Got
Talent
that performance coupled with some
shrewd moves and a ton of hustle helped
him begin booking a steady stream of
high-profile jobs not satisfied with
simply dancing however he began making
hip-hop dance videos to show what he
could do as a choreographer the one he
did for upgrade you by Beyonce became
the most watched dance class video in
history and to date has more than 100
million views at one point it actually
had more views than Beyonce's own video
his hard-hitting hyperkinetic dance
style and infectious enthusiasm have
made him the Chorio of choice for
massive celebrities such as Demi Lovato
John Legend Jason Derulo uh sure and the
black-eyed peas as well as gigantic
global brands such as Nike Hennessy and
Delta Airlines
he's also an entrepreneur who has racked
up millions of followers across his
social channels established himself as
one of the most influential people in
the dance community and propelled his
imma beast brand into the stratosphere
so please help me in welcoming the man
YouTube red tapped to star in his own
pilot called one shot will will the
Adams's good welcome to the show don't
you wow that intro nothing I don't you
say anything I'm good I think you've got
a lot to say and what really interests
me is most people don't know what they
want ever in life absolutely
but you had to lose the first thing that
you wanted and being able to replicate
that again and define something that
you've committed to so passionately what
was that moment like when you realize
I'm I'm not gonna be able to physically
make it to the NFL absolutely uh it was
surprised you know I I grew up I moved
around a lot as a kid I grew up always
idolizing athletes never dancers you
know Michael Jackson was huge everybody
I know was doing the moonwalk or at
least trying to you know but my thing
was always number 22 Emmitt Smith that
was like goal that's who I'm gonna be
and you know I always had my heart set
on that from day one was always somehow
I'm gonna make it to the NFL this is
what I love to do you know that was the
dream from day one and when my body
started not reacting the way that I
wanted it to you know or when I realized
man there's a bunch of other people that
are just as fast as me that jump higher
you know that play on better teams that
are getting recruited in ninth grade you
know what I mean and I'm here my junior
year wondering what I'm gonna do next it
was scary it was scary because I didn't
have a back-up plan that was it it was
like this is what I'm gonna do my whole
life so kind of rewiring my brain to
think differently put me in a place of
being uncomfortable which i think is the
most important thing for a growth and
you know I I just I jumped from there
you know once the injuries kind of
happened I had to change my mindset
change my focus and I knew that I still
wanted to make my life great somehow I
still wanted to live happy and their
dance was for me after all of that so
you said that you were actively putting
yourself in a position to rewire your
brain well yes conscious of that at the
time no well I think a little bit I
think my high school teachers would
think so because I was always telling
them I didn't need to listen to them
because I was going to make it so that
was always my thing you know they would
be like you need to learn calculus and
stat I was like you guys I'm good
like I'm good don't worry let me just be
average right now trust me you guys are
gonna know who I am in 10 years at the
time thinking for sports you know but um
I think that it was a thing that I was
always doing no matter what because you
know if I didn't make this football team
it was like okay well that happened to
me for a reason or if I didn't get this
audition once I started dancing and all
of this stuff even in high school when I
started getting into dance a little bit
more simultaneously during football it
was always that didn't happen for a
reason that didn't happen for a reason
but not for me to stop but for me to go
whatever path was meant for me so it was
always happening my whole life even when
I told you you know about moving it
around a lot as a kid it was always me
having to adapt and always change and
roll with the punches so you know my
father taught me that my dad was the
same exact way so I think I was already
preparing myself for something which out
here in Hollywood is 100 noes to one yes
you know so I think it was always in the
works let's talk about that 100 nose to
the one yes how do you deal with that
and maybe more telling how do you help
your students deal with that what do you
tell them yeah I mean honestly now that
I'm a lot older you deal with it with a
glass of wine before that I think the
way that I was dealing with it the most
was knowing that what was meant for me
was going to come it's very hard to
understand in the beginning then when I
first got out here 2009 it was I would
always get depressed or I would always
be very angry about it or always say why
not me you know why didn't they choose
me I danced great you know I have what
it takes and I wasn't understanding that
that maybe was meant for somebody else
on that day because something else was
coming to me and I think the thing that
helped me kind of understand that the
most was season 3 and season 4 So You
Think You Can Dance I auditioned what
the Vegas made it these are like my
first years dancing for real taking it
serious and I made it with household
names to the close to the end with like
people like twitch who the whole world
knows me now right and here I have 18
years old and I got cut and at the time
I was taking it the wrong way always
being like I got a no this means my life
is over
I not gonna make it as a dancer now that
this is what I want to do this is just
like football oh no
not gonna work out and then the silver
lining started coming you know four or
five years later coming back on the show
and actually becoming a choreographer
for the show and working with twitch and
actually teaching him my moves
this is what kind of got me in the
mindset of thinking wow everything will
come full circle and that wasn't meant
for me because I was meant to actually
come back and do something else so it
kind of took examples I I would be lying
to you if I said that right off the bat
I was always somebody that could deal
with the nose I wasn't I would get
frustrated I would want to not quit but
also want to be like maybe I'm supposed
to do something else always questioning
myself always until I realized you know
I had a greater purpose than maybe being
a running back and being one of 1
million people that that already played
this sport or being somebody that danced
behind all the artists like a Beyonce or
assured Chris Brown maybe there was
something else that I was meant to do
maybe I'm supposed to work with the kid
that nobody knows who he is right now
and introduce him to the world so what I
find so interesting though is through
all because to me like everything
happens the way it's meant to happen is
very pass it's dangerous that it makes
people think that they can be passive
yes but you were anything but passive
absolutely so how would the belief that
hey this all happens for a reason how do
you stay so hardcore it's very true I
think it's a balance of I tell my kids
this too now that I'm a choreographer
and teacher if I know that I'm doing
every single thing that I can to achieve
what I want then I'm ok when it doesn't
happen so for instance I know that I
cross train I know that I make up dances
every single week I know that I make up
music mixes that I think other people
wouldn't think to put together I know
that I think outside the box I know that
I focus on building my brand being able
to speak to any kind of person and
network with any kind of person but also
pushing my body and also trying to
create moments that have not been done
before I don't want to make up the best
routine of single ladies which everybody
knows this already I want to make up
something that nobody else has done so
when I leave not getting an audition or
not getting a job with an artist I'm
happy I'm happier I'm not happy that
didn't get it but I'm happier knowing
that well will you're doing everything
that you could so that's kind of the
approach that I have I am
hungry and I am a go-getter but I have
that confidence in myself that if I'm
doing all the things non-stop that I'm
supposed to be doing to get that goal
then it's okay that I did it that's kind
of the approach that I have because
you're right a lot of people do settle
in and are passive and like oh it's not
my timing and they sit back and relax no
I do ten things a day I make sure that I
do ten things a day that are pushing
myself and pushing my brand and pushing
my body so that when it does come I'm
ready because the worst thing is for
somebody to get the phone call hey
Beyonce wants you to choreograph for
Coachella and you have not been on your
game ready for that moment and so I make
sure I'm never in that position I'm
always ready stay ready so you have to
get ready you know I'm sure you've heard
that I haven't but I like that okay well
there it is stay ready so you have to
get ready one more thing that you said
that I really wanna that that really
resonated with you was we need to train
like we suck mmm
I have so that's my kids that's like the
opening I have and I think it's I think
it's important because if you have an
iPhone if you have any kind of phone if
you have a computer anything if you have
access to internet right now which most
of us do in the world you see a new five
year old kid going viral every single
day whether it's for sport
martial arts dancing a lot on every TV
show now it's to the point that you
cannot be comfortable now it's to the
point where if you aren't on your game
getting better every day somebody's
gonna pass you I think it's always been
like that but now we can all see it
before we couldn't always see the kid in
in China or the kid in Japan or the kid
you know that the kid at Walmart
yodeling we didn't always know about
them now it's instantaneous where we all
can see it right away and I think with
you know the people that I trained and
even myself you have to have that belief
because if not you're not gonna grow or
get better LeBron James is a frickin
superhuman and every single year that
I've watched him get batteries come back
with something new every year every year
that he plays and that kind of mindset
it's like you're already the greatest
and of your era arguably of all time and
you practice as if you haven't done any
of the things that you've done and I've
seen that same thing in Michael Jackson
I've seen that same thing and people
like Peyton Manning that I look up to so
much so that's what I try to push myself
in because it's
like why be comfortable you know uh for
me I want to keep growing until the day
I leave the earth you know so I think
that that really works with motivating
people but also motivating myself
because I think I'm great but if I
settle where I'm at right now my nine
year olds are gonna be better than me
and some of them already are so I have
to keep pushing myself and have that
mindset every day and mechanistically
how do you push yourself like that do
you have drilled yeah I think it's for
me it's making myself uncomfortable
honestly I remember first starting out
to dance and I didn't want to take
ballet or jazz it's like I can't do that
no no way I'm not gonna do that I'm a
football player I can't do that kind of
stuff but then when I started taking
basic jazz classes for me as a dancer
right things that I was uncomfortable
with hip hop kid I like hardcore b-boys
and poppers and krumpers and all this
stuff that was very masculine it bit me
in my butt later on in life so now my
approach is do things that I suck at to
make myself better the muscle memory
thing you know like doing crunches doing
it till it burns is only doing so much
that's maintaining to make myself better
muscle confusion cardio and I don't like
doing but the stuff that I know that my
body needs is the stuff that doesn't
make me want to be excited to do so
that's kind of the approach now is
always thinking of new ways to do things
that I haven't done before
so I think that's for me the most
important thing because I can DJ in my
sleep that's something that comes
natural for me what I can't do on my
sleep is go to a marketing meeting with
my team so I know for me I need to go
sit and learn something or go to YouTube
space for a week and learn from other
creators that have different markets
than I do or different ideas even
Photoshop I just passed that along to my
team but what happens if somebody on my
team is sick or can't do it or moves on
to something bigger and better I want to
learn how to do all this stuff myself so
then I have no excuses and then I'm not
dependent on anybody even though I think
I need a team I think it's I think it's
great for me to to just push myself to
keep getting better every day and things
that I would have never imagined that
I'd be doing myself I love that what do
you think about people that say look
just focus on your strengths don't waste
time do weaknesses I think it's good in
bad I think if you do something really
really well and focus on it it works for
certain people so the strengths are
great but I think that as time goes on
you always have to add to that and
that's kind of my journey is keep adding
to whatever people think you know and or
is the only thing that you can do
because most household names in the
dance industry think of me as now
businessperson entrepreneur more so than
dancer so I think I tried to mostly use
my strengths but also surprise people
with new things I can bring to the table
and I love that to innovate like that
takes a lot of self-belief yeah how did
you cultivate that self belief huh being
told no all the time being told I can't
all the time and I think for me I know
that there's certain things that I'm not
amazingly great at but I guess the self
belief thing really came from always
knowing that I was meant for more for me
I always thought why should i limit
myself I believe that anybody can can do
anything I think you can break the model
Steve Jobs break the model Mark
Zuckerberg break the model Elon Musk
break the model I think that there's no
one blueprint that you have to follow
and that's what I get most of my
inspiration from for myself so you and I
agree on that completely you can do
anything you set your mind to
absolutely but most people don't it's
true so solve a riddle for me
why don't they hmm I think they don't
because of fear I think a lot of people
are afraid to jump all the way it's kind
of like having faith a lot of us say we
believe but we don't really show it
because if we showed it we would be okay
taking a chance in a relationship taking
a chance switching jobs taking a chance
going against our parents wishes a lot
of people stay in those bubbles and it's
very hard for those people I believe you
know it's I think it's really fear and
lack of jumping in life all the way and
I used to be afraid as well you know but
when I move out to LA with $800 in my
pocket that's me jumping all the way
because I like taking care of myself I
like feeling safe I like feeling secure
but I knew I wasn't going anywhere if I
kept playing the game that way and I
think that this is all kind of that
you know some of us are born into having
good situations some of us aren't but I
think that a lot of us have to make our
own path and I think one or two
decisions that I did not make I could
have not made would not have me sitting
right here with you right now so then
talk to me about June 25th 2009 yeah oh
man
tough day I was driving driving in a
stick shift car that I'd never driven
before so I'm stalling out every five
seconds on the highway you know not
doing well at all and we hear the radio
come on and they're speaking about
Michael Jackson on the radio and they're
saying that he's gone into cardiac
arrest and it's being rushed at UCLA and
I'm just like no no way no frickin way
all of a sudden I learned how to drive a
stick immediately because I wanted to
rush home to the TV and the news is
broken that Michaels passed that was a
wake-up call for me personally Michael
is actually tattooed on my leg that was
a wake-up call for me because at the
time I was in Community College
America's Best Dance Crew was the
biggest TV show in the world I was
already like itching to get to LA I was
like why am I in school right now why am
I staying and doing this and I
immediately was like will you can't
waste another day you can't waste
another second you can't waste another
minute and literally four weeks later I
was on a flight to LA moving and living
with four other people and just trying
to figure it out any way I could and
that that literally that really changed
me because that was one person that I
told myself I will dance for one day
somehow meet him something and I just
looked at life like if I waste any more
time I'm gonna have more things in my
life that turn into what I feel right
now with Michael and it might seem crazy
because I'm sure millions of people feel
attached to Michael Jackson but I really
really did and it just changed me
forever what do you think is the most
important trait that you have as a
person that's led to your success I
guess I mean perseverance for sure but I
also think it's not a I guess I don't
know if this would ever be used as a
trait but this word amnesia
I forget about what's happened in the
past I use it but I also forget right
away
I forget about getting told no I forget
about you know you're not good enough I
forget about being cut I've been cut
national TV so you think it adds twice
America's Got Talent
America's Best Dance Crew all within a
span of three years and I had that the
next day I was sad I was sad sitting in
my room not wanting to leave not wanting
to talk to anybody but then I eventually
got up and forgot about it and kept
moving forward so having amnesia is the
best thing that I've had you know I
think that if you don't holding all the
things that's great you know what I mean
and you mean holding on to people or
lessons that you've learned or learning
from them but if you can't let things go
fully I think that it's a detriment to
you in your progress mm-hmm yeah it's
really interesting how do you do it
though when you're getting made fun of
when people are bullying you especially
if it's somebody that you like and
respect yeah no you're right it's tough
it's tough it's it's it's really tough I
think that especially for kids it's
really tough handling all that stuff I
am a believer that public school is
great for you I am a believer that
dealing with all of that stuff with the
turmoil with the bullies I think it
helps shape you for sure I wouldn't have
it any other way because I wouldn't be
as thick-skinned and tough as I am now
but I think the best way to deal with it
is to think about there's gonna be
another day there's gonna be another
week you're gonna get through these
times it doesn't last forever
that's what I have to say to a lot of
young kids now yes this might be
horrible right now you might live in a
neighborhood or beyond section eight or
have food stamps but there's more you're
gonna you're gonna get through this or
the same thing bison versa kids that
live with parents that are overbearing
or or or are in social groups where you
have people that judge you for what kind
of clothes you wear or wanting to be
friends with every kind of person or
whatever I've seen it all I've lived
through it all I think for me
the the best way for me to deal with it
was I guess having an outlook as if I do
conform like I said to these other
people or to their ways of thinking am I
being true to myself and how is that
gonna affect me I know some people that
can fake it I'm not one of those people
you know I just I just not and that's
more important to me than any
his feeling is feeling happy inside and
being a good person to every kind of
person inside so you know getting picked
on that's the worst thing that happens
on in my life I think I'm doing pretty
well that's really cool yeah I don't
know if you put the sign there if it's
just in a lot of your videos yeah but
unity through diversity millenium shout
out to them
great great studio great great
organization that's helped me in my life
they've put that there and I think it's
beautiful
it's it's it's what we need the dance
community is so special it's so special
it's the biggest melting pot of all kind
of people that I've ever experienced in
my life and I say this at our personal
events for AMA Beiste and build a beast
but I say it all the time the dance
community and what we create and what
i'ma beast has created which is our
brand of a family every size shape color
ethnicity of religion economic class
it's what I want the world it looked
like it's what I want the world to be
proud of you know so unity through
diversity is just it's beautiful I don't
think that you can you know have to only
agree with this side or only be friends
with people if they think exactly like
you or if you guys all voted for this
person now we can be okay I think
there's ways to have conversations and
and and not not have to segregate
opinions or even you know ethnicity or
gender or or you know everything
everything that's going on right now in
our world that's what that's what that
sign represents so I'm very proud to
dance in front of that all the time most
of my videos are in front of that side
so it's really really cool that you even
caught that a lot of people don't a lot
of people say what's this face with the
red wall that's that's it that's all
they noticed so that's cool that you
notice that I like it not only for the
reasons that you just talked about but
to me there's a danger in seeing
yourself as a master right when you see
sure great at something and so what I
find so interesting about what you've
done with diversity and what you guys do
in the build a beast program and all of
that
how many eclectic different people that
you bring to the table and watching your
videos and seeing how many different
styles and body types and everything
yeah of dancers that you have and that
the dance styles themselves are so
diverse
is to me that's escaping the problem of
mastery in going back to what you're
saying at the beginning and getting out
of your comfort zone and doing something
new you actually become far more
powerful and effective it's true as an
artist as a business person isn't
anything quite frankly I agree it's it's
beautiful you know it really is it's so
cool now because we're creating our own
are our own identities and kind of
becoming the stars of today like it used
to be with Sammy Davis or Fred Astaire
the Nicholas brothers it's getting back
to that now we're dancers are stars and
they're being comfortable in their own
skin and now they're getting to call
themselves masters of what they create
themselves which is also a testament to
social media a lot because it's accepted
now and you know dance is so cool it's
like why not have a bunch of flavors of
it we do it with singing no Sam Smith is
nothing like Josh Groban Josh Groban is
nothing like Justin Timberlake and or
Justin Timberlake in the brew no clothes
but there's still so different so that's
where it is not what the ants and it's
getting better it really just hit me a
second ago when you brought up social
media that you you are one of the many
faces of entrepreneurship and and all of
this like even when I think about what
I'm doing now or how I built my last
company I would say you are but what I
love now you're just talking in terms of
maybe revenue but when you really just
stop and think about what you've built
how many lives you touched and and that
you fund everything from building a
successful business and there's no
question about that and when I look at
your ripped jeans acket a big fuck-off
necklace and light and the dreads it's
like this is the face of
entrepreneurship in this century and
that is so cool and what I love about
that what I hope people really see in
you one authenticity is always gonna be
king absolutely and then too there is no
mold anymore because anybody can fight
if they've really got something of value
anyone can find their own yes yes for
the extraordinary yes I 100% agree and
it's finding your audience finding your
audience is so important that was what
was so important to me and I guess
you're right and and you know I've
always said people always like who do
you want to be like what
what creative directors what dancers I
love it all but I've always been chasing
Diddy
I've always been chasing now Mark
Zuckerberg like I said I've always been
chasing Cirque de Soleil people that
push the game and change the game even
Coachella even just admits planning even
you know all of those things now I'm
like oh man it's not that I'm chasing a
certain person or event or a style but
I'm chasing people that have new ideas
and and are doing things in different
ways that people haven't seen before
uber air coming soon LA life you know
what I mean like let's get it that's how
I feel is like what can we do that
people haven't received before and in
what new ways Netflix even stranger
things like it's so cool all these
things that we all become obsessed with
out of nowhere and that are like oh my
god this is frickin brilliant I love
pushing and changing I want to be a part
of that you know I feel like I only hear
a few names that are talked about
forever like I want to be a part of that
I want to make change and last I want to
be in history books like and it's not
about this dance was awesome it's so
much more than that I think finding your
audience you have to show them something
different at the same time while also
you know catering to what is authentic
about you I think it's very very hard to
do because a lot of people that I see
influencers now say okay this is how
this person did it I'm gonna do the same
thing it's like no that person already
exists you can take a few things and not
steal but you know use the same approach
but I can't do the same exact show as
you it's not gonna work
you have your audience bill it'd be
another version of that you know you
have to come with something new every
day I wake up and I think what else can
I do to keep that growing and to grow
you know new people that would fall in
love with what I'm doing in the brand
and uh that's where I sit now is having
anxiety every day over that it'll truly
yeah alright well speaking of falling in
love with things let's talk about
Janelle let's talk about you guys work
in the other hmm you guys are a when you
dance together it's so amazing a way
that you guys are able to move in unison
and the way you just don't normally see
two people be able to do there's one
really cool video of you guys I think
maybe last year's build a beast uh-huh
where you end the dance move where you
twist together and they'll fall back
yeah literally one of the kids jumps on
you he's free
not so much and I saw all right that's
yes so yeah I think people can get the
the dancing cool with their partner yeah
but I want to know what's it like to
work with your partner who so I can just
name a few a few one one words offer
this stress fun dynamic stress good
times it's it's it's it's such a good
time I've learned more from being in the
relationship and working with her that
I've learned from anything else I
traveled all over the world but just
that dynamic and working with your
partner and then also having the
relationship at the same time and then
creative freedom when we both believe in
ourselves so much we both believe in
each other as well so much but it's
having kind of being with the person
that's exactly like you that believes in
their gift so much it's such a hard
thing sometimes that balance out and
it's taken us a long time to figure it
out we've been working together for
probably six years of like choreography
working together known each other for
about seven eight but it's the biggest
roller coaster I've ever been on in my
life and I love it
short story I pick up my phone this
morning she's on her way to get her her
custom-made wedding dress and she
facetimes me and is like hysterically
laughing and like you'll never guess
what happened I'm like what Janel and
I'm like are you mad are you upset are
you like what's going on and she's like
just yes and I'm like what is your
appointment out today for your dress
she's like no they opened up a
chick-fil-a in Burbank and I'm like oh
this was the news that you had to tell
me
and the reason why is cuz she had this
like goal on this dream since four weeks
ago for us to be the first people to
open up a chick-fil-a in Burbank it's
that kind of stuff in our relationship
that like keeps us going and like it's
so cool and such a like a wild ride and
that I would have never imagined so it's
it's a really cool dynamic and yeah
she's the best thing that's ever
happened to me by far all right help me
reconcile something yeah I've had the
very good fortune of just off-camera
sitting with the two of you and hearing
you guys talk about your dreams yeah and
there are not many people I've ever met
in my life that dream as aggressively as
you guys
and yet the things that really give you
deep and lasting fulfillment have
nothing to do with those dreams yeah so
why go so hard for me I can speak for
myself
I wanna go so hard cuz I want my family
to never have to worry I want my kids I
want to be able to say you don't need it
not you can't and that's with anything
whether that's us going to see their
Grandma and Grandpa
whether that's them being able to have
friends over and us to be able to have
everybody and take care of everybody I
remember what that was like as a kid
feeling like oh man I can't do what my
friend can do those little moments and
it's not about money but those little
moments in my life I always remembered
like I don't want my kids to feel like
we're in a place of I don't know if I
can go on this field trip I don't know
if we can have this kid over because we
can't feed everybody I don't want to
have those feelings ever and also you
know it's so important to me to have a
family Christmas of her family my family
being able to go to a log cabin
somewhere and us be able to take care of
it for everybody that stuff is so
important to me so it's really not so
much about us making money or being so
successful being it but being able to
live the way we want to live even just
now you know we're at a certain level
sometimes we think that we're doing
better than we actually are
but even the fact that we can go to
Morton's whe that wasn't normal for us
growing up going to Morton Steakhouse
and watching the game and being okay and
not having to worry so Janelle and I
sometimes look at each other like damn
this is awesome this is awesome because
we get to wake up and say I can go to
the gym if I want to go to the gym we
can not do anything all day if we don't
want to do anything all day or we can
walk into our freakin dance studio and
design a t-shirt and have it on the
Internet the next day like being able to
live the way that we want and eventually
have real financial freedom that's so
important to us just so we can even just
spend time so for it to be nothing for
us to go to her her nephews six-year-old
birthday party you know and that's so
important that's like more than anything
more than clothes
I think her her thing kind of goes with
shoes maybe a little bit I think she
works hard so she can buy whatever shoes
she wants maybe just a little bit but
like being able to live the way we want
and take care of our people and do stuff
for others like that's really it I love
Bill to be
so much I think two years back we had
the most students we ever had a thousand
students from over 22 countries that
flew to LA to dance with us for four
days auditioned for our company but I
wanna be able to do that with ten
thousand and I want to be able to to
give scholarships to people to actually
go to college not to just come dance
like that's our goal that's like so
important to us give back like those
things real life that's that's that's
what we're about and and we want to be
able to do that by having our impact and
pushing ourselves to be badasses in our
industry to where we create so many dope
things that we actually can do that mm
yeah oh yeah all right man before I ask
my last question tell you guys where
they can find you online okay you can
find me online at the beast Network comm
that's like our system of where we put
our tutorials our clothing our tickets
for all of our events my personal
Instagram is wildebeast that's with two
L's a lot of directors call me wild to
be stuff I don't know why - elves its
wildebeest it's easy the animal that
killed Mufasa so easy right
wildebeest underscore underscore that's
why Instagram I YouTube is wildebeest
Adams which is where all of our videos
live all of that stuff and uh yeah
really
everything funnels in that our clothing
our network my YouTube channel and yeah
be on the lookout for some really really
amazing things and a lot of products
that we're looking forward to creating
together and also follow up my fiancee -
because she's a better dancer than me
and what's her handle her handle is
Janelle janessa with know underscores at
all that's it and the Genest rose with a
Gina very italiano GI in es tra almost
forgot cuz about to be Adams way yes
my last question what's the impact that
you want to have on the world I think
for me and what I represent
personally I want to be able to change
people as much as I can but when people
see me there's a quote that somebody use
I can't remember off the top of my head
right now but um somebody said I don't
see color a lot of people say that right
when they see me or when they see me
walk in a room in my relationship or
just growing up in Indiana
right they'll have that conversation
with me well I don't see color I don't
see color oh we all see color unless
we're not fortunate to have sight it's
what you do after you see that color
that makes you the kind of person that
you are and I want to change that for
people and I want for people when I see
this black man that sometimes
surprisingly like Obama oh my god he's
well-spoken this is such a surprise I
don't want people to attach a stereotype
but I want I want people to see that
anybody can have any trait anybody can
do anything anybody can lead in any type
of way and then that we all have
something to offer and that's this is my
shell but I want people to see my soul
and I want people to see that in
everybody and and not judge at all but
but make opinions based off of that and
I think obviously dr. King started with
that a long time ago I want to carry
that trade on Wow that's exceptional
thank you man ladies thank you so much
it was coming out thank you thank you
for having me
love easy ease me easy guys
it hit me so hard as he was talking that
this is one of the many faces of
entrepreneurship and the era that we
live in that social media has changed
things so profoundly that so many
incredible voices like this are able to
build a huge audience and businesses
that are legitimate and touch lives is
absolutely extraordinary when he said
that this is his shelf that really
rocked me I love that the most as you
dive into his content you were gonna see
that you were gonna see a radiant
beautiful encouraging hard-ass you're
gonna see him push people you're gonna
see him push himself you're gonna see
somebody that holds people to an
extraordinary standard and because of
that he gets extraordinary things not
only out of himself but out of the
people that are around him which then
turns that whole organization into
something that is incredibly special and
I think what they're doing with the
beast Network is absolutely amazing I
think it's only gonna continue to grow
there's a reason that these guys have
accomplished what they've already
accomplished I truly believe that this
is just the beginning and if I can
contradict him I will say that the trait
about him that I think is most tied to
his success is not perseverance which is
absolutely critical
it said he's excitable this is somebody
watch how many times go back and watch
the episode watching
he lit up like a Christmas tree when you
get him talking on any random subject he
has taught himself to fall in love with
things to let a moment be a big moment
that the death of Michael Jackson
impacted his life as much as it impacted
many of the people closest to Michael
which is incredible and that to me is
how life should be lived you should be
giving meaning to things meaning that is
extraordinary that uplifts you that
pushes you forward and makes you create
something in life and he is one of the
most spectacular examples of that that
I've ever seen so I hope that you really
will follow him I hope that you will
look deeply into what he's doing I hope
they'll join what he's doing because
it's a pretty extraordinary mission all
right if you haven't already be sure to
subscribe and until next time my friends
be legendary take care everybody thank
you so much for watching and being a
part of this community if you haven't
already be sure to subscribe you're
going to get weekly videos on building a
growth mindset cultivating grit and
unlocking your full potential